hello people martin here and I come
just from egypt and has my little one
brought with you 1 2 degrees
you can not looted yet
maybe you will recognize what it is
stay tuned that will be an exciting one
I want to finish the video
I want a gift for
Just cut you out on the occasion
11 thousand subscribers and also
simply as a general thank you
you before I will have a very
important things to say about raw food
especially for the people
came
because that's me completely again
important raw food is not just raw food
There are so many different types
The raw food I make that is one
vegan rather low-fat food with lots of fruit
a lot of vegetables so less so things
like nuts and seeds and these
high-fat stories
but just because I really have many
meet people who say I have ey
I'm busy with the raw food
and I'm just totally disappointed
sales event and I have to totally
Buy the expensive super foods and me
it's only about the iren and super vip
and extract and powder and that the
people just generally little
many disappointed and then again
to turn away from it what a pity it is
that's not the whole field worth it
it is also left and right
to look to the right
but so many are coming through the
normal raw food the normal raw food
raw food where is 60 70 80 of the total
calories are sourced from fat
combined over this way the raw food
to the high k pleister yes to this fruit
based carbohydrate based
lifestyle and that's easy
just when you realize that is
just 180 degrees if is as
if your brain completely free
is being rinsed and you really are now
think ah you shit human needs
not so much super foot actually
I do not need really is the
top horny vegetables actually that is
already the super fia I do not need
constantly
Rusleben races and constantly for many
what to order et cetera eternal what
dehydrate we have we also have in
the hydra de
but you do that only now and then yes
I always need something there
visit these things and visit
buy and I can do it one man too
Spent a lot of money there and it
is similarly simple as grade for the
everyday you just want it easier
have faster at night have always something
but especially for everyday life
just have it in everyday life and
because not such a huge effort
need to operate
everything else is simply unrealistic
otherwise you will be very fast
back to the bottom of the facts
brought back and actually realizes that
the certain circles only your best
want which is that here you can see on
the revolution as it is now
there is the focus in accordingly
crazy crazy
very short now and that's why we have
on this book house as a gift for
you julian in front of the anton us
Do you know the rock soul food book?
everything is vegan and raw
Why do we cut the book out ?
it's just it's totally got one
super cool presentation but I too
so cool is just that here too
the chapter high k yes and many
low fat things already in the
attention paid well it is so
I can do both of these very well
tell it was just like us, they
also have quasi with the raw food with the
gourmet raw food started and are then
switched to high court history
as soon as man realized it goes
much better and there is again
clearer difference
and yes it is like that for example
I knew right times show very briefly
here is a complete chapter just the same
hype devoted to the hype itself walkway
is with all the fruits and vegetables
really delicious recipes and I have
but also seen
Incidentally , by the way, there are 74 in all
even in gourmet raw food
Department in quotes recipes
in there are like this rail to
example was the wheel tour here here
the wheel or the ship , too
they are really trusting and they are
really
For example, that was what I believed
Here's what I'm looking for a short time yes
right here these buckwheat dumplings
I'm in the black I have it
really long to think long considered
can be really glad so here
everything is red everything raw but so cool
So you can really do that
at soulfood then already designate
it has really astonished me already
at this can
and yes, we have the house by the way
There's still a dedication from the two
authors
it is so the book goes off like a book
rocket and that's just right for it
is so horny on and I have to as
one of the few books i did
really flipped through and
really his is not something of
The rod I think what would have to
Just make that contribution I do
share on facebook too
will publish
to share that everything you do
we have to be then by chance
let the chance decide and the
to draw a winner
we contact you so
just share on facebook and yes
is it yes yes people do not forget the
message raw food is not the same raw food
huge differences i know people
they do not eat green food
roleber raw meat there are people the
eat high dam rest on apples of animal
not heated in red, etc
There are so many kinds of night lets
Do not be crazy
make and really look left and
Right, what is there and what is there for
you are as I said some are
very
I say doggedly and want 100
percent remain but then not
sometimes from vegans to biological et
cetera that is more important to me than
vegan is the mass must be low in fat
in my opinion still full
wholesome food is not that much
processed and blended so much
but really the good stuff and then
he lives again king like a pharaoh
then also lived thanks for seeing
people are not doing well until then
forget to share